Fixed Jupyter documentation (#3000)
dotnet/interactive: docs/jupyter-in-polyglot-notebooks.md

1. [The Anaconda distribution](https://docs.anaconda.com/free/anaconda/install/index.html)
2. [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) and/or [R](https://cran.r-project.org/)

> Please note that if you want to use Python and R in polyglot notebooks, you must open VS Code from the Anaconda prompt. Open the Anaconda prompt and activate the environment you want to work in. Then navigate to the desired folder and open VS code from the Anaconda prompt using the `code .` command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that if you want to use Python and R in Polyglot Notebooks, you must open VS Code from the Anaconda prompt. Open the Anaconda prompt and activate the environment you want to work in. Then navigate to the desired folder and open VS code from the Anaconda prompt using the `code .` command. 
```

## Connecting to a python kernel
Run the following command in a notebook cell:
```
#!connect jupyter --kernel-name pythonkernel --kernel-spec python3
```

> Once connected, create a new cell and select your python kernel from the language dropdown in the bottom right hand corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once connected, create a new cell and select your Python kernel from the cell kernel picker in the bottom right hand corner of the cell.
```
